Add `pointerType` description to docs. (#2791)
software-mansion/react-native-gesture-handler: docs/docs/gestures/_shared/base-gesture-event-data.md

### `numberOfPointers`

Represents the number of pointers (fingers) currently placed on the screen.

> ### `pointerType`

Author: Done in [1cf8899](https://github.com/software-mansion/react-native-gesture-handler/pull/2791/commits/1cf88999ea581990bbaad6c2988def4c2f223075)

> Indicates the type of pointer device being used. This value is represented by one of the constants defined in the `PointerType` enum, which includes the following fields:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Indicates the type of pointer device in use. This value is represented by the `PointerType` enum, which includes the following fields:
```

You should strongly prefer writing technical documentation in an **active voice**. More info: https://developers.google.com/tech-writing/one/active-voice

The second sentence is a bit harder to write in active voice so I made it shorter.

- `TOUCH`
- `STYLUS`
- `MOUSE`

> - `OTHER`

Reviewer: The first three are self-explanatory but I really would like to learn (and probably developers reading this documentation) what `OTHER` is.

Author: Done in [3a53822](https://github.com/software-mansion/react-native-gesture-handler/pull/2791/commits/3a538226389517f601c5658c85f9f542cd543607), let me know what you think!
